Support multiple instances in config specs (#9615)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/developer/meta/config-specs.md

- `multiple` - Whether or not options may be selected multiple times like `instances` or just once
  like `init_config`

> - `metadata_tags` - A list of tags that can serve for unexpected use cases. Tags currently supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `metadata_tags` - A list of tags that can be used for unexpected use cases. Tags currently supported:
```

>     - `multiple_instances:true`: used to split the configuration options into multiple instances. Helpful for the `conf.yaml.example` generation to be more readable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `multiple_instances:true` - Used to split the configuration options into multiple instances. Helpful for the `conf.yaml.example` generation to be more readable.
```
